Create Data_Sharing (#54)
PennLINC/PennLINC.github.io: docs/DataTasks/Data_Sharing.md

# Policies for requesting/sharing data
_Note: this draft conceptualizes what data sharing may look like after post-bac data analysts are no longer on the informatics team_

### Internal collaborations
1. Speak to Ted about the data required and confirm what is needed for the request
2. Nail down inclusion criteria

> 3. Post on `#informatics` team, tagging a point-person flagged by Ted to ask for the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Post on the `#informatics` Slack channel, tagging a point-person flagged by Ted to ask for the data
```

and they should also have the credentials required for this process. 

- Transfer ALL needed data to CUBIC. Make sure to work in a relevant project/ create a new one as needed
- Make sure to transfer the data to a dropbox that the project user can later `scp` files out of, so that the project user has read-write access to the data
- Make a directory formatted as follows: `LastName_ProjectName_Year` and work inside the directory if you are using an old project
- Filter data by inclusion criteria

Then proceed to work with the data.

### External collaborations
The transfer method on what softwares our collaborators have access to. We often use Box, zipping data before uploading it (using `tar -czvf <ArchiveName>.tar.gz <PathToFile>"`)

Other methods may be necessary and this is a case-by-case basis. 

General guidelines for external data sharing are as below: 

1. When sharing datasets, we will send ALL data available. 
2. Inclusion criteria will be decided by us before the data transfer, and shared with the data recipients.
3. Data recipients will confirm the inclusion criteria.

> **Note: If someone wants ABCD data, we will interactively zoom call with them to get a transfer set up. This is not data we will transfer.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .note-title }
> Note
>
> If someone wants ABCD data, we will interactively zoom call with them to get a transfer set up.
> This is not data we will transfer.
```
